Title: API
URL: https://gumroad.com/api
Captured via browser tool (JS-rendered SPA, plain HTTP fetch returns empty shell) 2026-08-17
Note: automated docs-path guess "developers.gumroad.com" was checked and is NOT
Gumroad's docs -- it resolves to an unrelated personal site. Do not use.
---
9.6K
Widgets
Ping
API
Command line
Introduction
Authentication
Scopes
Errors
Methods
Products
Public product page
Reviews
Categories
Files
Covers
Thumbnails
Media library
Variant categories
Offer codes
Emails
Workflows
Custom fields
User
Public profile
Refund policy
Resource subscriptions
Sales
Subscribers
Licenses
Payouts
Tax forms
Earnings
Command line

Prefer a terminal? The Gumroad CLI wraps every endpoint below and is built for humans and AI agents alike.

Install with Homebrew
brew install antiwork/cli/gumroad
Or run the install script
curl -fsSL https://gumroad.com/install-cli.sh | bash

Each endpoint below shows the matching gumroad invocation next to its cURL example. Run gumroad <command> --help for the full list of flags.

The Gumroad OAuth API is based around REST. We return JSON for every request, including errors.

To start using the API, you'll need to register your OAuth application. Note: The Verify License API endpoint does not require an OAuth application.

After creating an application, you'll be given a unique application id and application secret.

Authentication

On the application page, click Generate access token to get the token you will use with the API.

Scopes

We've provided the following scopes that you may request when the user authorizes your application.

account: full access to most API endpoints. Endpoints with a narrower security boundary, such as media, refuse an account-only token and require the specific scope noted on the endpoint.
view_profile: read-only access to the user's public information and products.
edit_profile: write access to the user's profile name and bio.
edit_products: read/write access to the user's products and their variants, offer codes, custom fields, and files.
edit_emails: read/write access to the user's audience emails and read access to the user's workflows.
view_sales: read access to the user's products' sales information, including sales counts. This scope is also required in order to subscribe to the user's sales.
view_payouts: read access to the user's payouts information.
view_tax_data: read access to the user's tax forms (1099-K, 1099-MISC) and annual earnings summary.
mark_sales_as_shipped: write access to mark the user's products' sales as shipped.
edit_sales: write access to refund the user's products' sales and resend purchase receipts to customers.

Resources

Create an OAuth application - A getting started guide for creating an application with our API.

omniauth-gumroad - (Ruby) an OmniAuth strategy for Gumroad OAuth.

More reading

If you're interested in learning more about OAuth, here are some links that might be useful:

OAuth 2 spec
Ruby OAuth2 library
Python OAuth2 library
PHP OAuth2 library
API Errors

Gumroad uses HTTP status codes to indicate the status of a request. Here's a run down on likely response codes.

200 OK everything worked as expected.
400 Bad Request you probably missed a required parameter.
401 Unauthorized you did not provide a valid access token.
